hi so HBO decided to adapt the book by
ray bradbury which you know if I'm being
honest right here right just for a
little bit I think it's a great metaphor
about suppressing information and
knowledge from people you know even the
extent of taking that choice away from
citizens but like when you bring
computers into the mix considering that
wasn't around when the book was written
book kind of falls into its own ashes I
was super excited to catch Michael B
Jordan produced and started what could
be his break had a breakout of 2018 but
honestly it was just a stream it's sadly
well let me explain so in this world you
got these firemen who burn up books
because they're trying to get rid of any
opposing ideas
it's write up that when you're given too
many options in this world it just
overwhelms you and it leads people to
make bad choices and sometimes I guess
that's true you know I always
overstuffed myself when I go to a buffet
Johnny Storm over here is one of those
firefighters who blazes up books every
time they find them and he even streams
it online
this dude's pretty much at the Jake Paul
of this world because he gets famous off
destroying stuff you got Lilly Singh
who's doing a super job of going from
YouTube to the YouTube news just in this
world they're following them as they
outs which anybody who's been hiding
books and it's just a little weird
because they do have an internet in this
world right granted it's known as the
nine and it's pretty much what happens
when a GPI fully takes over with net
neutrality everything is supervised and
it's just full of bad opinions so it's
Madame de face book but the fact that
technology exists in this adaptation it
makes me wonder why they're still
keeping to that idea of having to
preserve books like I don't get why
we're playing The Book of Eli when we
can just cryptically send out codes via
online stuff I've also always wondered
how they learned English because there's
like like nobody in this world actually
knows how to read text eventually they
do end up finding the library from beast
castle and it's there where Zod reminds
kill monger why they burn books like
Huck Finn and anti-feminist stuff
because getting rid of those ideas helps
fix those relations see we're not born
equal so we must be made equal by the
fire so by this logic if we only had
laws telling you not to murder people
it might just stop happening they end up
confronting a lady who has these books
and before they can blaze them this lady
pulls up with us
suicide book vest I get that she wants
to die for her books for the cause on
the stream but like girl why'd you duct
tape them as if they were like dynamite
also why is Brad wear his own book in
this pile as you can guess Montag finds
a girl who he likes and she's a part of
the rebellion trying to smuggle book
info across the border to Canada he
stops taking those Visine The Giver
drops that they give everyone and he
starts collecting books like Mathilde
his mind is more knowledgeable than Ross
and when he tries to help a father and
his daughter who are hiding it's like
bro if I'm a Schindler's List you don't
crack the glass Montag that meets up
with me since I got cast in this movie
at some point and he makes a run for it
after his team turns on him he's getting
chased and they're even labeling him
murderer which I always think is
hilarious because a white kid can shoot
up a school it's a mental illness one
black man claims a dude all of a sudden
he's a terrorist Montag does go full
Johnny Storm at the end and turns into
Pikachu's master but the rebels are able
to send out that literal physical tweet
that has all of the information they
need across the border
in order to save the 50 shades series
thank you guys for checking out this
video I'm gonna be completely honest
with you I saw this movie twice they can
maybe I miss something maybe I'm just
not getting the world but it's just I
don't know it's I've always liked the
original book the idea of the original
book but to be completely honest the
idea of burning books and people like
booing texts is dumber to me than like
sending kids in a post-apocalyptic world
to go fight for your people to not
starve I don't know I thought it could
have been better I was really rooting
for HBO and your boy Michael B Jordan
but it just didn't work you know we're
living in a world where you really think
you can get rid of memes it doesn't
matter how shredded Michael B Jordan is
that's just not happening than that I'm
curious to know your thoughts down below
let me know any other movies you want me
to cover don't forget to comment like
and subscribe and I'll send you a neat
Kindle